```
一、议论文

开头段：

1、When talked about the overwhelming majority of people are of the opinion that----but others think a little bit differently that-------

2、There has been a heated discussion about-----Some people think that-------( 正观点)，others, however, are of the opinion that---(反观点)

中间段：

Those who argue that----(正观点) have the reasons as follows。

First, ------

Second,------

Third/Besides,------

Others also have their own opinions。( 反观点)

On the one hand,-----

On the other hand,-----

Last but not the least,-----

结尾段：

1、TO sum up, I hold that------(正反观点随便选一种，正观点为多数，或者说个中立的观点)

2、In conclusion,(同上)

3、In summary,

4、From what's said above, I'd like to bring my story to a conclusion that--------

二、说明文/描述文(常见有柱状图、饼状图以及表格)

开头：

As is vividly/symbolically shown/described/depicted/illustrated/revealed in the

drawings/photos/pictures, we can find with ease that-----(据图所示，我们可以很清楚地看出---)

中间：由上述所表示的情况写出现象背后的本质

结尾：提出自己的想法(解决方法、办法或手段)Under such circunstancens,we ought to take drastic measures to lessen the phenomenon. Only in this way can the problem be solved。

三、应用文

开头：说明写信/通知等的目的

中间：有补充地翻译提纲(要有所扩展和延伸)

结尾：固定结构(再次感谢、道歉，或希望参加活动等)

朋友们，以上只是一个临近考试的一个临阵磨枪的提醒，其实，如果各位曾经根据我所说的要求做的话，现在应该是很轻松的。不过，即使没有做，也没有关系，要自信地面对考试，把我上面给你提出的要求记住就行。

常见模板二~~

开头 

Recently, the problem of … has aroused people’s concern. 
最近,…问题已引起人们的关注. 

Internet has been playing an increasingly important role in our day-to-day life. It has brought a lot of benefits but has created some serious problems as well. 
互联网已在我们的生活中扮演着越来越重要的角色.它给我们带来了许多好处,但也产生了一些严重的问题. 

Nowadays, (overpopulation) has become a problem we have to face. 
如今,(人口过剩)已成为我们不得不面对的问题了. 

It is commonly believed that… / It is a common belief that… 
人们一般认为… 

Many people insist that… 
很多人坚持认为… 

With the development of science and technology, more and more people believe that… 
随着科技的发展,越来越多的人认为… 

A lot of people seem to think that… 
很多人似乎认为… 


引出不同观点: 
People’s views on… vary from person to person. Some hold that… . However, others believe that…. 
人们对…的观点因人而异.有些人认为….. 然而其他人却认为．．． 

People may have different opinions on… 
人们对…可能会有不同的见解. 

Attitudes towards (drugs) vary from person to person. 
人们对待吸毒的态度因人而异. 

There are different opinions among people as to… 
关于…. 人们的观点大不相同. 

Different people hold different attitudes toward (failure). 
对(失败)人们的态度各不相同. 


结尾 
Taking all these factors into consideration, we naturally come to the conclusion that… 
把所有这些因素加以考虑,我们自然会得出结论… 

Taking into account all these factors, we may reasonably come to the conclusion that… 
考虑所有这些因素,我们可能会得出合理的结论… 

Hence/Therefore, we’d better come to the conclusion that… 
因此,我们最好得出这样的结论… 

There is no doubt that (job-hopping) has its drawbacks as well as merits. 
毫无疑问,跳槽有优点也有缺点. 

All in all, we cannot live without… But at the same time we must try to find out new ways to cope with the problems that would arise. 
总之,我们没有…是无法生活的.但同时,我们必须寻求新的解决办法来对付可能出现的新问题. 



提出建议: 

It is high time that we put an end to the (trend). 
该是我们停止这一趋势的时候了. 

It is time to take the advice of … and to put special emphasis on the improvement of … 
该是采纳…的建议,并对…的进展给予特殊重视的时候了. 

There is no doubt that enough concern must be paid to the problem of … 
毫无疑问,对…问题应予以足够的重视. 

Obviously,…. If we want to do something… , it is essential that… 
显然,如果我们想做某事,很重要的是… 

Only in this way can we… 
只有这样,我们才能… 

It must be realized that… 
我们必须意识到… 


预示后果: 



Obviously, if we don’t control the problem, the chances are that… will lead us in danger. 
很明显,如果我们不能控制这一问题,很有可能我们会陷入危险. 

No doubt, unless we take effective measures, it is very likely that… 
毫无疑问,除非我们采取有效措施,很可能会… 

It is urgent that immediate measures should be taken to stop the situation. 
很紧迫的是,应立即采取措施阻止这一事态的发展. 


论证 

From my point of view, it is more reasonable to support the first opinion rather than the second. 
在我看来,支持第一种观点比支持第二种观点更有道理. 

I cannot entirely agree with the idea that… 
我无法完全同意这一观点…. 

Personally, I am standing on the side of … 
就个人而言,我站在…的一边. 

I sincerely believe that… 
我真诚地相信… 

In my opinion, it is more advisable to do … than to do…. 
在我个人看来,做…比做…更明智. 

Finally, to speak frankly, there is also a more practical reason why… 
最后，坦率地说，还有一个更实际的原因是...


给出原因: 

This phenomenon exists for a number of reasons. First, … Second, … Third, … 
这一现象的存在是有许多原因的.首先, … 第二, … 第三, … 

Why did… ? For one thing… For another…. Perhaps the primary reason is… 
为什么会…? 一个原因是… 令一个原因是… 或许其主要原因是…. 

I quite agree with the statement that… the reasons are chiefly as follows. 
我十分赞同这一论述,即…,其主要原因如下: 


列出解决办法: 

Here are some suggestions for handling…
这是如何处理某事的一些建议. 

The best way to solve the troubles is…
解决这些麻烦的最好办法是… 

People have figured out many ways to solve this problem. 
人们已找出许多办法来解决这个问题. 

批判错误观点和做法: 

As far as something is concerned, …. 
就某事而言,… 

It was obvious that… 
很显然,…. 

It may be true that…, but it doesn’t mean that… 
可能…是对的,但这并不意味着… 

It is natural to believe that… , but we shouldn’t ignore that… 
认为….是很自然的,但我们不应忽视…. 

There is no evidence to suggest that… 
没有证据表明… 


如何连接 

强调 
still, Indeed, apparently, oddly enough, of course, after all, significantly, interestingly, also, above all, surely, certainly, undoubtedly, in any case, anyway, above all, in fact, especially. Obviously, clearly. 

比较 
like, similarly, likewise, in the same way, in the same manner, equally. 

对比 
by contrast, on the contrary, while, whereas, on the other hand, unlike, instead, but, conversely, different from, however, nevertheless, otherwise, whereas, unlike, yet, in contrast. 

列举 
for example, for instance, such as, take …for example. Except (for), to illustrate. 

时间 
later, next, then, finally, at last, eventually, meanwhile, from now on, at the same time, for the time being, in the end, immediately, in the meantime, in the meanwhile, recently, soon, now and then, during, nowadays, since, lately, as soon as, afterwards, temporarily, earlier, now, after a while. 

顺序
first, second, third, then, finally, to begin with, first of all, in the first place, last, next, above all, last but not the least, first and most important. 

可能 
presumably, probably, perhaps. 

解释 
in other words, in fact, as a matter of fact, that is, namely, in simpler terms. 

递进
What is more, in addition, and, besides, also, furthermore, too, moreover, furthermore, as well as, additionally, again. 

让步 
although, after all, in spite of…, despite, even if, even though, though, admittedly, whatever may happen. 

转折 
however, rather than, instead of, but, yet, on the other hand, unfortunately. whereas 

原因 
for this reason, due to, thanks to, because, because of, as, since, owing to. 

结果 
as a result, thus, hence, so, therefore, accordingly, consequently, as consequence. 

总结 
on the whole, in conclusion, in a word, to sum up, in brief, in summary, to conclude, to summarize, in short. 

其他 
Mostly, occasionally, currently, naturally, mainly, exactly, evidently, frankly, commonly, for this purpose, to a large extent（在很大程度上）, for most of us, in many cases, in this case, 
```

